What are the ids of the top three products that were purchased in the largest amount?
Give the ids of the three products purchased in the largest amounts.
What are the product id and product type of the cheapest product?
Give the id and product type of the product with the lowest price.
Find the number of different product types.
Count the number of distinct product types.
Return the address of customer 10.
What is the address for the customer with id 10?
What are the staff ids and genders of all staffs whose job title is Department Manager?
Return the staff ids and genders for any staff with the title Department Manager.
For each payment method, return how many customers use it.
How many customers use each payment method?
What is the id of the product that was ordered the most often?
Give the product id for the product that was ordered most frequently.
What are the name, phone number and email address of the customer who made the largest number of orders?
Return the name, phone number and email address for the customer with the most orders.
What is the average price for each type of product?
Return the average price for each product type.
How many department stores does the store chain South have?
Count the number of stores the chain South has.
What is the name and job title of the staff who was assigned the latest?
Return the name and job title of the staff with the latest date assigned.
Give me the product type, name and price for all the products supplied by supplier id 3.
Return the product type, name, and price for products supplied by supplier 3.
Return the distinct name of customers whose order status is Pending, in the order of customer id.
What are the distinct names of customers with an order status of Pending, sorted by customer id?
Find the name and address of the customers who have both New and Pending orders.
What are the names and addressed of customers who have both New and Pending orders?
Return ids of all the products that are supplied by supplier id 2 and are more expensive than the average price of all products.
What are the ids of products from the supplier with id 2, which are more expensive than the average price across all products?
What is the id and name of the department store that has both marketing and managing department?
What are the ids and names of department stores with both marketing and managing departments?
What are the ids of the two department store chains with the largest number of department stores?
Return the ids of the two department store chains with the most department stores.
What is the id of the department with the least number of staff?
Return the id of the department with the fewest staff assignments.
For each product type, return the maximum and minimum price.
What are the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type?
Find the product type whose average price is higher than the average price of all products.
What is the code of the product type with an average price higher than the average price of all products?
Find the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the shortest period.
What is the id and name of the staff who has been assigned for the least amount of time?
Return the names and ids of all products whose price is between 600 and 700.
What are the names and ids of products costing between 600 and 700?
Find the ids of all distinct customers who made order after some orders that were Cancelled.
What are the distinct ids of customers who made an order after any order that was Cancelled?
What is id of the staff who had a Staff Department Assignment earlier than any Clerical Staff?
Return the id of the staff whose Staff Department Assignment was earlier than that of any Clerical Staff.
What are the names and ids of customers whose address contains TN?
Return the names and ids of customers who have TN in their address.
Return the name and gender of the staff who was assigned in 2016.
What are the names and genders of staff who were assigned in 2016?
List the name of staff who has been assigned multiple jobs.
What are the names of staff who have been assigned multiple jobs?
List the name and phone number of all suppliers in the alphabetical order of their addresses.
What are the names and phone numbers for all suppliers, sorted in alphabetical order of their addressed?
What are the phone numbers of all customers and suppliers.
Return the phone numbers for all customers and suppliers.
Return the ids of all products that were ordered more than three times or supplied more than 80000.
What are the ids of all products that were either ordered more than 3 times or have a cumulative amount purchased of above 80000?
What are id and name of the products whose price is lower than 600 or higher than 900?
Give the ids and names of products with price lower than 600 or higher than 900.
Find the id of suppliers whose average amount purchased for each product is above 50000 or below 30000.
What are the ids of suppliers which have an average amount purchased of above 50000 or below 30000?
What are the average amount purchased and value purchased for the supplier who supplies the most products.
Return the average total amount purchased and total value purchased for the supplier who supplies the greatest number of products.
What is the largest and smallest customer codes?
Return the maximum and minimum customer codes.
List the names of all the distinct customers who bought a keyboard.
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased a keyboard?
List the names and phone numbers of all the distinct suppliers who supply red jeans.
What are the distinct names and phone numbers for suppliers who have red jeans?
What are the highest and lowest prices of products, grouped by and alphabetically ordered by product type?
Give the maximum and minimum product prices for each product type, grouped and ordered by product type.
List the order id, customer id for orders in Cancelled status, ordered by their order dates.
What are the order ids and customer ids for orders that have been Cancelled, sorted by their order dates?
Find the names of products that were bought by at least two distinct customers.
What are the distinct names of products purchased by at least two different customers?
Find the names of customers who have bought by at least three distinct products.
What are the distinct names of customers who have purchased at least three different products?
Find the name and gender of the staff who has been assigned the job of Sales Person but never Clerical Staff.
What are the names and genders of staff who have held the title Sales Person, but never Clerical Staff?
Find the id and name of customers whose address contains WY state and do not use credit card for payment.
What are the ids and names of customers with addressed that contain WY and who do not use a credit card for payment?
Find the average price of all product clothes.
What is the average price of clothes?
Find the name of the most expensive hardware product.
What is the name of the hardware product with the greatest price?
